README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Welcome, I'm Pavan Gupta</h1>
<h3 align="center">Developer | Building scalable web apps with Full-stack & Blockchain Learner</h3>
<img align="right" alt="coding" width="400" src="https://media1.giphy.com/media/v1.Y2lkPTc5MGI3NjExcHRqcWxkbno3YmJjbTV6bDZqOGowNGd5ZmxuemRocXlncjZkMnF6biZlcD12MV9pbnRlcm5hbF9naWZfYnlfaWQmY3Q9Zw/H03PuVdwREB21ANkLX/giphy.gif">


<p align="left"> <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=pavan77749&label=Profile%20views&color=0e75b6&style=flat" alt="pavan77749" /> </p>

<p align="left"> <a href="https://twitter.com/" target="blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/?logo=twitter&style=for-the-badge" alt="" /></a> </p>



- 📫 How to reach me **pavangpay05@gmail.com**


### 💻 Programming launguage:
 [![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=cpp,python,solidity,javascript&theme=light)](https://skillicons.dev)

### 👨‍💻 Frontent Launguage:
 [![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=nextjs,tailwindcss,react,redux,typescript,javascript,redis,bootstrap,materialui,html,css,figma&theme=light)](https://skillicons.dev)

### 🕵️‍♂️ Backend Launguage:
 [![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=mongodb,postman,mysql,nodejs,express&theme=light)](https://skillicons.dev)

### 🕵️‍♂️ DEVOPS:
 [![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=docker,aws,vercel&theme=light)](https://skillicons.dev)

### 🎨 Designing Tools :
 [![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=figma&theme=light)](https://skillicons.dev)

### ⚙️ Developer Tools:
 [![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=github,git,npm,vscode&theme=light)](https://skillicons.dev)
 
### ⭐  Issues Badge by Cyfrin Updraft

<a href="https://profiles.cyfrin.io/u/pavangpay05/achievements/blockchain-basics">
  <img 
    src="https://res.cloudinary.com/droqoz7lg/image/upload/f_auto/q_auto/v1748556702/assets/blockchain-basics-badge.png" 
    alt="Blockchain Basics Badge" 
    width="150" 
    style="margin-top:5px; margin-bottom:5px;" 
  />
</a>
<a href="https://profiles.cyfrin.io/u/pavangpay05/achievements/solidity">
  <img 
    src="https://res.cloudinary.com/droqoz7lg/image/upload/f_auto/q_auto/v1748556702/assets/solidity-101.png" 
    alt="Blockchain Basics Badge" 
    width="150" 
    style="margin-top:5px; margin-bottom:5px;" 
  />
</a>


[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=pavan77749&layout=compact&theme=dark)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)
 

### 🔝 Top Contributed Repo
![](https://github-contributor-stats.vercel.app/api?username=pavan77749&limit=5&theme=dark&combine_all_yearly_contributions=true)

---


<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->

Commit message:

Revise README with expanded personal and experience info
Updated README to enhance personal introduction and experience details.

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Welcome, I'm Pavan Gupta</h1>


I am a **Full Stack Developer** with a passion for building **responsive, scalable, and user-friendly web applications**.  
With strong skills in **UI/UX design (Figma)** and hands-on experience in modern frameworks, I enjoy turning ideas into practical digital solutions.  

Beyond web development, I’ve also explored **Agentic AI, workflow automation (n8n)**, and **Blockchain fundamentals, Smart Contracts, and Web3 development** to stay ahead in the evolving tech space.  

---

## 💼 Experience & Contributions  

- Hands-on experience in **frontend development** (React.js, Next.js, TailwindCSS) and **backend systems** (Node.js, Express.js, MongoDB, MySQL)  
- Designed **UI/UX prototypes in Figma** for responsive and user-friendly applications  
- Explored **intelligent workflow automation** using Agentic AI and n8n  
- Learning and practicing fundamentals of **Blockchain, Smart Contracts, and Web3 applications**  

---
<img align="right" alt="coding" width="400" src="https://media1.giphy.com/media/v1.Y2lkPTc5MGI3NjExcHRqcWxkbno3YmJjbTV6bDZqOGowNGd5ZmxuemRocXlncjZkMnF6biZlcD12MV9pbnRlcm5hbF9naWZfYnlfaWQmY3Q9Zw/H03PuVdwREB21ANkLX/giphy.gif">


<p align="left"> <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=pavan77749&label=Profile%20views&color=0e75b6&style=flat" alt="pavan77749" /> </p>

<p align="left"> <a href="https://twitter.com/" target="blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/?logo=twitter&style=for-the-badge" alt="" /></a> </p>



- 📫 How to reach me **pavangpay05@gmail.com**


### 💻 Programming launguage:
 [![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=cpp,python,solidity,javascript&theme=light)](https://skillicons.dev)

### 👨‍💻 Frontent Launguage:
 [![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=nextjs,tailwindcss,react,redux,typescript,javascript,redis,bootstrap,materialui,html,css,figma&theme=light)](https://skillicons.dev)

### 🕵️‍♂️ Backend Launguage:
 [![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=mongodb,postman,mysql,nodejs,express&theme=light)](https://skillicons.dev)

### 🕵️‍♂️ DEVOPS:
 [![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=docker,aws,vercel&theme=light)](https://skillicons.dev)

### 🎨 Designing Tools :
 [![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=figma&theme=light)](https://skillicons.dev)

### ⚙️ Developer Tools:
 [![My Skills](https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=github,git,npm,vscode&theme=light)](https://skillicons.dev)
 
### ⭐  Issues Badge by Cyfrin Updraft

<a href="https://profiles.cyfrin.io/u/pavangpay05/achievements/blockchain-basics">
  <img 
    src="https://res.cloudinary.com/droqoz7lg/image/upload/f_auto/q_auto/v1748556702/assets/blockchain-basics-badge.png" 
    alt="Blockchain Basics Badge" 
    width="150" 
    style="margin-top:5px; margin-bottom:5px;" 
  />
</a>
<a href="https://profiles.cyfrin.io/u/pavangpay05/achievements/solidity">
  <img 
    src="https://res.cloudinary.com/droqoz7lg/image/upload/f_auto/q_auto/v1748556702/assets/solidity-101.png" 
    alt="Blockchain Basics Badge" 
    width="150" 
    style="margin-top:5px; margin-bottom:5px;" 
  />
</a>


[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=pavan77749&layout=compact&theme=dark)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)
 

### 🔝 Top Contributed Repo
![](https://github-contributor-stats.vercel.app/api?username=pavan77749&limit=5&theme=dark&combine_all_yearly_contributions=true)

---


<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->
